rules/no-double-quote.md, before:

<!-- Good Practices -->
# No Double Quotes

PHP allows `'` and `"` quotes to create string literals. It also allows for NOWDOC and HEREDOC syntax, which are the same as the former but for larger blob of text. Both first syntaxes will stay unchanged, while the second syntaxes will make PHP replaces any variables, properties or array it finds within the literal by their actual value. 

```php
<?php

$a = 'world';

// all code below will display the same 
echo "Hello $a";
echo "Hello world";
echo 'Hello world';

?>
```

`"` and HEREDOC should only be used when there are dynamic values within the literal, or the extra escape sequences that `"` support, such as `\n` for new lines or the single quote. This will save PHP the task of checking the string for any variables. 

## Rule Details

The following code is considered a warning:

```php
<?php

"This string has no variable nor escape sequences.";
<<<HEREDOC

This Heredoc has no variable part.

HEREDOC;

?>
```


The following pattern is considered legit:

```php
<?php

"This string hasn't any variable but escape sequences.\n";

<<<HEREDOC

This Heredoc has $variable part.

HEREDOC;

?>
```


## When Not To Use It
If the application makes heavy use of one of the quotes in another related technology (HTML uses " a lot), it is good to use the other to create such literals in PHP. 

Speed-wise, only very high volume application will benefit from this. 


## Further Reading 
* [Strings](http://php.net/manual/en/language.types.string.php)
* [Disproving the Single Quotes Performance Myth](http://nikic.github.io/2012/01/09/Disproving-the-Single-Quotes-Performance-Myth.html)

Commit message:

2 new rules (declare/execute, double-quote)

rules/no-double-quote.md, after:

<!-- Good Practices -->
# No Double Quotes

PHP allows `'` and `"` quotes to create string literals. It also allows for NOWDOC and HEREDOC syntax, which are the same as the former but for larger blob of text. Both first syntaxes will stay unchanged, while the second syntaxes will make PHP replaces any variables, properties or array it finds within the literal by their actual value. 

```php
<?php

$a = 'world';

// all code below will display the same 
echo "Hello $a";
echo "Hello world";
echo 'Hello world';

?>
```

`"` and HEREDOC should only be used when there are dynamic values within the literal, or the extra escape sequences that `"` support, such as `\n` for new lines or the single quote. This will save PHP the task of checking the string for any variables. 

## Rule Details

The following code is considered a warning:

```php
<?php

"This string has no variable nor escape sequences.";
<<<HEREDOC

This Heredoc has no variable part.

HEREDOC;

?>
```


The following pattern is considered legit:

```php
<?php

"This string hasn't any variable but escape sequences.\n";

<<<HEREDOC

This Heredoc has $variable part.

HEREDOC;

?>
```


## When Not To Use It
If the application makes heavy use of one of the quote style in another related technology (HTML uses " a lot), it is good to use the other quote style to create such literals in PHP. 

If the application has too many report of this, it is probably wise to avoid using it and fixing too many minor problems.

Speed-wise, only very high volume application will benefit from this. 


## Further Reading 
* [Strings](http://php.net/manual/en/language.types.string.php)
* [Disproving the Single Quotes Performance Myth](http://nikic.github.io/2012/01/09/Disproving-the-Single-Quotes-Performance-Myth.html)
